# Assignment #1

The world around us is ever-changing in every way possible. Whether it comes to weather forecasts or stock exchanges, we are in a constant state of change. Recently though, everyone’s eyes have been studying and analyzing the growth of Big Data Technologies and the capabilities of Artificial Intelligence. Due to its versatility, Big Data and A.I. fit into any industry with ease. Furthermore, Big Data and A.I. improve these industries tremendously, helping them compete with the rest of the modern world. Now almost all the major industries are using Big Data and A.I. in many different ways, however, there is one industry that appeals to me the most, Automotive Manufacturing. It is in my belief that the giants of this industry are pushing themselves in combination with Big Data Technologies and A.I. to break the boundaries and lead humanity into its next golden age.
When I mention A.I. or Big Data in regards to the automotive industry, many people think about autonomous cars. These people are not wrong but A.I. is involved with everything from the creation of the car to its everyday use. How one may ask? Well, in today’s day and age, there are about 200,000 cars manufactured each day(Worldometer, 2016)! There is no way that these kinds of numbers can be achieved with human production alone. This is where A.I. integrated robots enter the stage. With the assistance and precision of these machines, a car can be produced in only 17 hours(Toyota, 2014). Although Big Data’s implementation in the process occurs even before this. When the company is deciding what to release for their new product, they use millions of reviews and find the flaws. Also looking at trends in the industry, they find an enhancement that fixes a flaw while introducing the newest trend. In other words, everyone in the industry uses Big Data constantly to keep their business afloat.
Now, these methods are quite old, making this industry one of the first to implement Big Data and A.I. So, let's talk about the new stride the industry is taking to keep up with change. Even a common person with no knowledge of A.I. and Big Data can see the surge of automation in the industry. Companies like Tesla and Rivian among many are releasing new autonomous cars that have taken the world by storm. Their work with Big Data and A.I. has set a new definition for top tier cars. In combination with electric cars, autonomy creates a superior vehicle that does not harm the environment, provides a maximum output, and involves new technology that makes the ride safer and easier. It takes away most of the risk and can also take over from the driver at any given moment. Autonomy would not be possible without Big Data and A.I. but someone could have created a subservient car that would have produced desired profits. The fact that the industry did not go in this path is what makes it inspiring and interesting.
Even though the industry has achieved so much, there will always be someone that will ask the age-old question of what is next. Well, the influence of Big Data and A.I. on the automotive industry has just started. According to experts in the industry, Big Data and A.I.’s soonest innovations will be about manufacturing the cars rather than making them advance. That will be taking place but the manufacturing aspect will come much sooner. Specifically, “With AI, manufacturers can gain greater control over their supply chains, including processes for planning, logistics, inventory tracking, and management. For example, AI-driven systems can predict complex interactions between production units and automate requests for parts, labor, tools, and repairs.”(Tracy,2019, Making Automotive Manufacturing Smarter with AI). Just like in the olden days, the industry is moving forward by creating cars in a faster and more efficient way, and Just like in the olden days this change will prove to be a huge leap forward into greatness. However, these are only coming soon in comparison to the industry’s life span. In real world time, it would take about 4 - 5 years to fully accomplish this.
In conclusion, a field that inspires me and proves to be an avid supporter of Big Data and A.I., the Automotive industry, has a rich history. Being one of the first industries to incorporate Big Data and A.I., they had a headstart and improved from human manufacturing to Robots that made the process of creating cars much faster. Even now the tech giants are trying their best to push and break the limits by introducing new technology like autonomy with safety. Even after all these accomplishments, they are still looking forward to the future and are trying to maximize their productivity. To achieve this, they are going back to old strategies and making the manufacturing part much quicker and much more precise. However, I believe that this is just a scratch compared to the gaping impact and innovation that this industry is going to create soon. 

## Works Cited

1. “Artificial Intelligence Gets to Work in the Automotive Industry.” Automotive World, 2019,    www.automotiveworld.com/articles/artificial-intelligence-gets-to-work-in-the-automotive-industry/. 
   “Cars Produced This Year:” Worldometer, 2016, www.worldometers.info/cars/. 
2. Corporation., Toyota Motor. 
   “トヨタ: How Long Does It Actually Take to Make a Car?” トヨタ自動車株式会社 公式企業サイト, 2014, www.toyota.co.jp/en/kids/faq/b/01/06/. 
   Tracy, Suzanne. “Making Automotive Manufacturing Smarter with AI.” CIO, 6 Mar. 2019, www.cio.com/article/3355239/making-automotive-manufacturing-smarter-with-ai.html. 






